Add behavior of delete snapshot for an in progress snapshot (#9706)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/snapshots/delete-snapshot.md

Deletes a snapshot from a repository.

> If you delete a snapshot that is currently in progress, it will abort the snapshot process and delete the associated snapshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleting a snapshot that is in progress stops the snapshot operation and deletes the partially created snapshot.
```
